[THEME MUSIC]
>> GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
You know I have a lot
of favorite guests
on this program.
But you're going
to meet somebody
in just a few moments here
who is one of my favorites.
She's a hypnotherapist,
psychotherapist, regressionist.
She has taken 3,000 people
into some of their past lives.
And she's written a new book
called "Meet the Hybrids."
Welcome to "Beyond
Belief," Barbara Lamb.
>> BARBARA LAMB:
Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: Hi, Barbara.
It's always a pleasure
talking to you.
>>LAMB: Thank you.
>>NOORY: I love running into
you at conferences and places
like that.
>>LAMB: I do, too.
>>NOORY: People love your work.
>>LAMB: Awe.
>>NOORY: How did you
get involved in this?
>>LAMB: Well, by 1991,
people started coming to me
who wanted to do regressions
to very unusual experiences
that they had had in this life.
And these turned out to be
extraterrestrial encounters.
So all through the 1990s and
the 2000s up until today,
I've had many, many
visits that I've
been aware of with
these other people
to extraterrestrials visiting
them and taking them away.
And doing all of that work,
hundreds of people probably,
1,800 people and many
more regressions,
I've learned about the
hybridization program that's
been going on with a number of
these extraterrestrial species
and the humans whom they
take for these experiences.
And those hybrids, in my
awareness for many years,
were not human enough
to live here on Earth.
So they were living on the
ships or on other planets
with those beings.
>>NOORY: Now, when you say
not human enough, because they
didn't look like us?
>>LAMB: They didn't
look like us enough.
They sort of did.
But if they were
to be here, they'd
be considered very
peculiar looking.
>>NOORY: You could see them.
You'd say, something is
wrong with that person, yeah.
>>LAMB: Yes, yes.
People would feel
very uncomfortable.
Not only that, a
more serious thing,
really, is that they
were not human enough
in proportion to
be able to tolerate
our bacteria and our viruses.
So it was said by
these other beings
that the hybrids would not be
able to withstand being here.
They might come here
for a minute or so.
But they would have to go
right back into the environment
that they're accustomed
to on their ships.
So that all was going on for,
oh, a good 20 years or so.
And then I began to
realize by meeting
certain people at conferences
that there were some hybrids.
Who were actually
living here on Earth.
>>NOORY: Were they
at our conferences
and we didn't even know it?
>>LAMB: That's right.
The first one was a
wonderful woman, a hybrid
named Cynthia Crawford.
>>NOORY: Now, does she
know she's a hybrid?
>>LAMB: She did
know by that time--
>>NOORY: OK.
>>LAMB: --that she was a hybrid.
>>NOORY: But they don't know
when they're kids probably,
right?
>>LAMB: No, she did not
know until she was age 35.
>>NOORY: Wow, wow.
>>LAMB: And how she found out
was that her father told her
about this.
Her father was
involved in some kind
of unknown, secret program.
So the father actually
drugged the mother
before she was
pregnant and she was
taken by a combination
of humans working
with a few extraterrestrials,
taken away for an hour or two
at the most--
>>NOORY: Just enough time.
>>LAMB: Yes-- to
do what they did.
And they implanted
a fetus, an embryo,
that was composed
of the sperm having
been taken from the human
father and the eggs taken
from the human mother
and then combined
with extraterrestrial genetics
of three different types.
>>NOORY: My God.
>>LAMB: So that embryo
then in that encounter
was implanted in the mother.
>>NOORY: She became
instantly pregnant, right?
>>LAMB: Instantly pregnant.
She had not been
intending to be pregnant.
They were not really expecting
that at that particular time.
But she was pregnant.
And she carried
that baby full term
and delivered just like a
regular mother here on Earth
does.
And that baby turned out
to be the hybrid, Cynthia.
Now, Cynthia--
>>NOORY: What a story, Barbara.
>>LAMB: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: My gosh.
>>LAMB: Now, Cynthia didn't
know that until she was age 35.
And her father
finally thought, well,
it's time that she knows
how she was created.
>>NOORY: Now, how did
she accept this story?
>>LAMB: She had always
felt very, very different--
>>NOORY: Different, yeah.
>>LAMB: --than her
family and from anybody
she ever knew anywhere.
She certainly felt like a
different kind of child.
This, by the way, is very
typical of the other hybrids
whom I've extensively
interviewed for the book,
>>NOORY: You see a similarity--
>>LAMB: --"Meet the Hybrids."
>>NOORY: --and a pattern here,
don't you, with these people?
>>LAMB: Oh, yes.
With the eight hybrids who my
co-author and I extensively
interviewed for "Meet
the Hybrids" book,
they all had this common
pattern that they did not
know until they were adults
that they were hybrids.
But they all felt really
different from anybody else
they knew.
They all had
different abilities,
rather unusual abilities that
some other people have some of.
But they were all very
psychic and clairvoyant.
They could all see auras.
They could all pick
up very sensitively
on energies in
places and energies
with different
people, very tuned
into different frequencies.
>>NOORY: And when you hear
the term, Barbara, hybrid--
>>LAMB: Yes.
>>NOORY: --you obviously
think part human,
part extraterrestrial.
>>LAMB: Yes.
>>NOORY: Of the
extraterrestrial type,
are we talking about
one sect, one race,
or a number of different
kinds of races out here?
>>LAMB: We're talking
about a number
of different kinds of races.
With these eight
hybrids whom I've
come to know
extremely well, they
come from 25 different
extraterrestrial races.
Now, there may very
well be other hybrids
who are a mixture of still
more different kinds of races.
I don't know about that.
But the eight whom we studied
have had 25 different races
contributing their
genetics to them.
>>NOORY: And that would
include alien Greys,
the Nordics that look like
humans, the Reptilians.
>>LAMB: Right.
>>NOORY: It goes on and on.
>>LAMB: Pleiadians, Blue
Arcturians, Andromedans.
>>NOORY: The Arcturians
are bird-like, aren't they?
>>LAMB: The
Arcuturians, well, there
are different types of
Arcturians, actually.
These people have the
genetics from what
they call Blue
Arcturians who actually
have the beautiful
blue tone of skin.
>>NOORY: Like avatars, almost.
>>LAMB: Yes, like the avatars
in the movie, quite similar,
not exactly.
And they're shining beings.
They're glowing.
They're very, very
high consciousness,
beautiful, wonderful beings,
very kind, very unconditionally
loving.
And Mantis beings
are involved with--
>>NOORY: I don't like them.
>>LAMB: Oh, the Mantis beings--
>>NOORY: They don't look--
>>LAMB: Well, they
look like big bugs.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>LAMB: They're very
tall, very bug looking.
But they are wonderful.
Any experience that I
have had regressing people
to their encounters
where they've
been involved with
Mantis beings,
they always experience
the Mantis beings
as being extremely kind--
>>NOORY: Really?
>>LAMB: --loving,
intelligent, playful.
In fact, one time I was
talking with a friend,
sitting in my
backyard, my garden,
and talking to the
friend on my cell phone
for about 20 minutes, talking
about the Mantis beings.
And I was aware that I
was talking in very, very
enthusiastic tones--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>LAMB: --because I was
excited about the Mantis
beings I had learned
about through all
this regression work.
And after 20 minutes of talking
excitedly about the Mantis,
I looked down on my lap and--
>>NOORY: There it was.
>>LAMB: --there it was
a tiny, one-inch tall,
at the most, little, baby
Mantis being suddenly appearing
on my lap.
>>NOORY: How do you know that
wasn't an extraterrestrial?
>>LAMB: Well, I don't know that
it wasn't and extraterrestrial.
It could have been.
It just seemed that the
synchronicity of talking
about the big Mantis beings--
>>NOORY: And there it is.
>>LAMB: --and seeing
instantly this little one,
I hadn't even known we
had praying mantises
in my back garden.
>>NOORY: That's great.
>>LAMB: But there it was, yeah.
>>NOORY: Barb, go ahead.
>>LAMB: There were a number
of different species.
And the Sirian--
that's S-i-r-i-a-n--
and Sirius-B beings have
contributed their genetics
to some of these hybrids.
And the tall, white Zetas,
the little Gray beings
that we hear so
much about, quite
a number of different species.
>>NOORY: Are we a farm for them?
>>LAMB: Are we are farm?
Well, what an
interesting question.
You know, we don't really
know what their motivation
is except that the beings
who contributed genetics
to these hybrids whom
I know, they did this
for a very wonderful purpose.
They did it because they had
been very aware of humanity
and the earth and what's
going on here, particularly
among human beings.
And they're very concerned.
>>NOORY: Oh, they are?
>>LAMB: They're very concerned
about humanity and the earth--
>>NOORY: And our direction.
>>LAMB: --and our direction
and the really atrocious things
that many human beings do to
other human beings and how
we're polluting the land--
>>NOORY: It's got
to shock them--
>>LAMB: --really wrecking--
>>NOORY: --the way
we conduct ourselves.
>>LAMB: --ruining
the Earth, yeah.
And so they really want to help.
And they have an agreement
among the cosmic communities
of non-interference.
So they don't come
directly and help.
But they can't really survive
here very long anyway.
>>NOORY: The hybrids or the ETs?
>>LAMB: These
extraterrestrials--
>>NOORY: By themselves?
>>LAMB: --would not be
able to stay here long.
>>NOORY: But the hybrids can.
>>LAMB: So, yes, it's a
brilliant plan, really.
Because then they take
regular human beings
and hybridize them, and
I think not too many.
But there probably are
some all over the world,
hybridize them with
enough of their genetics
so that these hybrids can be
working here to help humanity.
The whole idea of
these hybrids is
to assist humanity to
help us to save ourselves
and to help us save
the Earth and to raise
the overall consciousness
of humanity out of some
of these very dysfunctional
ways that a lot of humanity
is involved in.
>>NOORY: You don't
think though that it's
a program to replace us?
>>LAMB: No, I do not think
it's a program to replace us.
I think it's
completely benevolent.
Now, in saying this, I must
admit that I'm certainly
aware of the
opinion of Dr. David
Jacobs whom I know personally.
I think he's--
>>NOORY: He's brilliant.
>>LAMB: --a great guy.
I really enjoy him very much.
It just happens--
>>NOORY: He thinks
the other position.
>>LAMB: --he has had
people come to him
who have had very different
experiences in regard
to ET human hybrids.
And that whole view is a very,
very pessimistic point of view.
And it just happens
that people have
come to me about hybridization
who have a very positive view.
So all I can say is that
maybe there's some of both.
Maybe there are some hybrids
who do intend to eventually take
over the world.
I don't know about that.
That has not come across
my attention in my work.
But there also are these
hybrids who are here
really to help humanity.
There are so many of
the beings out there
who have contributed their
genetics to these hybrids whom
I know who are extremely
caring, really benevolent.
In fact, they all are described
as unconditionally loving.
And they emphasize
that we all are
of the same overall
creative source.
So that's not only humans
are of the creative source.
But all of the species of
what we call extraterrestrials
in the cosmos and in the
other dimension as well
are all of the creative source.
So they go on to
emphasize that we
are all, humans,
extraterrestrials,
other dimensional beings, one.
We're not separated.
You know, here on Earth,
we tend to really emphasize
independence--
>>NOORY: True.
True.
>>LAMB: --and separateness.
I'm an individual different
than you as an individual.
But actually that's an illusion
according to these beings.
>>NOORY: Are they trying to make
us all the same, carbon copies?
>>LAMB: No, not the
same, but to recognize
that we are all one in life.
And we're one with all the
species of life on the Earth.
That maybe is a little
bit easier for many people
to begin to ponder.
But not only that, we're
one with all the others
species all over the cosmos.
>>NOORY: Hybridization, to me,
means taking good parts of both
and mixing them--
>>LAMB: Yes.
>>NOORY: --into one.
>>NOORY: What's the
good part of the ETs
that they're trying to give us?
>>LAMB: Oh, there are
many, many good parts.
For instance, they're
very intelligent.
They're very broad in they're
thinking, very open-minded.
They're very psychic.
They have healing skills.
They read auras easily.
They feel the frequencies.
The hybrids have the
vibrations, the frequencies--
>>NOORY: They pick that up.
>>LAMB: --of the
extraterrestrials.
>>NOORY: And what do
they want from us, Barb?
What do we contribute here?
>>LAMB: Well, they recognize us
as a very intelligent species
and a very important species.
For one thing,
humanity, they say,
has been comprised with
extraterrestrial genetics
from way back, probably in the
beginning of what we consider
humanity, so a long time ago.
>>NOORY: Well, what's
fascinating is that even
now we are experimenting between
the DNA of humans and animals.
>> These scientific teams
are editing human embryos.
You've seen the stories.
You've seen the articles.
What's your reaction to that?
>> That has been reviewed
properly with EC institution
just as one of the experiments
being performed with
the leftover embryos.
And in China, that
hasn't really generated
enough interest
versus the interests
from international press.
Because many of the
scientific detail
hasn't really been
reported in those articles.
And also the intention
of the research
hasn't really been
properly understood.
Also, the regulatory process
hasn't been really being
examined carefully enough.
>>NOORY: Barb, that
Chinese researcher, to me,
is talking about, of course,
manipulating animals and humans
and combining them.
I find that an
abomination myself.
>>LAMB: Well, I do too, yes.
Yes, I think that's--
>>NOORY: That's not what
the hybrid program is?
>>LAMB: --totally unacceptable.
I mean, we're talking about
very, very different life forms
here--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>LAMB: --people and animals.
No, the hybrid
extraterrestrial human program
is quite different.
Because in many ways, even
though there are differences,
they are more like
humans than our animal
species are like humans.
We're all intelligent,
cognitive,
talking, thinking,
communicating beings.
We all have a large
range of value judgments,
of perceptions, of spirituality.
So these hybrids, or
the extraterrestrials
who create the hybrids, are
very spiritually oriented.
>>NOORY: That's an
interesting take.
>>LAMB: And they would like
to see that the humans become
more spiritually minded.
>>NOORY: When they're
born, where are they?
Are they in the hospitals?
Are they born in a house?
Where do they--
>>LAMB: Oh, the hybrids?
Oh, yes.
You see, the hybrids--
well, the let's say the
fetuses and the embryos
in most cases become
hybridized and continue
right on through the
whole gestation cycle
inside the human mother--
>>NOORY: But they're born in
hospitals like children, right?
>>LAMB: --and they're born.
Yes, they're born
in hospitals or home
like all of the rest of us.
>>NOORY: Does the
delivery doctor
know that they're hybrids?
>>LAMB: No, the
delivery doctor does not
know that there are hybrids.
Nobody knows.
Even the parents don't
know at that point--
>>NOORY: My gosh.
>>LAMB: --that they're hybrids.
But the parents do
notice as the babies
are developing into
toddlers and young children.
>>NOORY: That they're something.
>>LAMB: They notice that
they're substantially different.
And they hear from
these children
who are hybridized that the
children often say you're not
my real mother and father.
>>NOORY: Oh, it's got to be
heartbreaking to hear that.
>>LAMB: You're not my real home.
My real home is
somehow out there.
And I long to go home.
You're wonderful.
I love you.
You are fine parents.
But I just keep sensing that
my real home, my real family,
is out there somehow.
So these children are recognized
as being a bit unusual.
But they look like
regular humans.
They do not look peculiar.
>>NOORY: They don't have the big
heads or the huge, black eyes.
>>LAMB: No, the big,
wrap-around-- no, they don't.
No, they look like our children.
>>NOORY: But earlier
experimentation did.
Those hybrids, I think, of
years gone back were noticeable,
weren't they?
>>LAMB: I really don't
know about earlier hybrids.
I just know about--
>>NOORY: About these.
>>LAMB: The ones I can
really speak about--
>>NOORY: These are the
ones that have perfected.
>>LAMB: --or the ones
I know now, yeah.
>>NOORY: And the
hybrids, if they're not
told by their fathers,
how do they know
that they are who they are?
>>LAMB: Well, the hybrids, you
see, they grow up with a sense
that they're not from here.
This family is not
their real family.
And they notice that they
have all these other abilities
that other people in
their family don't have,
psychic abilities, healing
abilities, the clairvoyant,
seeing auras, feeling
their frequencies,
having a lot of empathy
for people and so forth.
And they noticed in school and
in the neighborhood playing
with their children
that they have
all these abilities that other
children don't seem to have.
And in many ways, it's a
very distressing thing--
>>NOORY: Oh, I would
think so, yeah.
>>LAMB: --for these children
because the other children make
fun of them like,
oh, stop talking
about the colors around my head.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>LAMB: Or how do
you know what's
going on inside my stomach?
Or how do you know what's
going to happen tomorrow,
in the future?
>>NOORY: Are they not
invited into the inner core
of other kids?
>>LAMB: Well, sometimes they're
excluded by other children.
Sometimes, if they're
fortunate, they
have some friends at least.
But they keep experiencing
that they're different.
>>NOORY: Do they get sick?
Do they eat?
>>LAMB: No, no they don't.
They tend not to get
sick particularly.
So that's a help.
But they do have, many of
them, unusual interior physical
features.
>>NOORY: If they were X-rayed,
what would a doctor see?
>>LAMB: Well, one
of them was X-rayed
because she had a
series of broken bones.
And so finally they tested
the bone consistency
and realized that she had a
different bone consistency
from the rest of us humans.
Another one discovered over
time because of various tests
that she had a different
blood consistency that
was quite unusual.
And one young man one of
our hybrids in England
actually had one of the
lower internal organs up here
in his chest.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>LAMB: And another hybrid had
a different muscle consistency,
actually a weaker
muscle consistency,
and was advised
not to participate
in sports because of that.
>>NOORY: Do we know
how long they live?
>>LAMB: Well, so far the oldest
one whom I know is age 65.
>>NOORY: 65.
>>LAMB: They seem
to live normal--
>>NOORY: Not too old.
>>LAMB: --human lifetimes.
>>NOORY: Could they
go to 200, 300?
>>LAMB: I don't know if they
could live beyond 100 or so.
Time will tell.
We don't know that yet.
>>NOORY: Is this hybridization
program, the one that you've
been studying, relatively new?
Or has been going on since
the beginning of time?
>>LAMB: Well, really, all I
know is that these people,
the oldest of whom is 65 at
this point, 66 maybe by now--
I don't know if this has
been going on for centuries
and there were other hybrids.
I suspect, but I don't know
that it might be this generation
type of happening.
But I don't know.
You see, I think the earth
is in more trouble than it--
>>NOORY: Maybe so.
>>LAMB: --has ever been because
of our nuclear proliferation--
>>NOORY: There's so much hate.
>>LAMB: --nuclear capability
and all the polluting
that we're doing of the earth
getting worse and worse.
And some of these
other species who
were very benevolent and caring
are really, really concerned.
For one thing, they have a
right to be concerned because
with our nuclear
capability, if we start
sending off nuclear bombs--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>LAMB: --it not only would
pollute the earth and probably
eventually eliminate
all life on Earth,
which we don't want to see
and even these other beings
don't want to see, but the
nuclear radiation rises
and spreads out not only, they
say, through our solar system--
>>NOORY: But through--
>>LAMB: --but beyond
the solar system--
>>NOORY: And they pick that up?
>>LAMB: --to other planets.
So we are a very dangerous place
with what we're tampering with.
>>NOORY: Well, it's interesting
the Roswell crash occurred
two years after we
detonated nukes over Japan.
>>LAMB: That's right.
>>NOORY: Maybe they picked
something up and went, woah,
they're now in this new age.
>>LAMB: Yes.
>>NOORY: We better
get over there.
>>LAMB: Yes, that's right.
I think that really
caught their attention.
So I think that
extraterrestrials have
been paying attention to earth.
UFOs have been appearing, oh,
way, way back in our history,
maybe at the very beginning
of our human history.
But I think there's much more
activity now due to the fact
that so many of
these species are
aware of what we're doing
here and that we could
be such a threat to them--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>LAMB: --out there as well
as, of course, to ourselves.
>>NOORY: As a regressionist,
as a hypnotherapist,
as a psychotherapist,
are you in shock
over what you're discovering
about this hybrid connection?
>>LAMB: Not really.
Because I think
the shock came more
when I began to realize
that people were really
having visits and encounters
with extraterrestrial beings.
So that was back in
the late 1980s and 1991
in particular when
people started
really coming to me for this.
So it's been a slow,
gradual build up from 1991
until about 2009 or so--
>>NOORY: It is
more prevalent now?
>>LAMB: --when I think I met
my first hybrid living here.
And so I wasn't shocked.
But, wow, that's
a whole new aspect
that's opening up for me that
I hadn't realized before.
>>NOORY: And does it seem to
be getting bigger and bigger,
these cases--
>>LAMB: Yes, I think--
>>NOORY: --in terms of numbers?
>>LAMB: Yes, I think that we
have a huge number of people,
even in America,
who have been having
these extraterrestrial
encounters.
I think the number of hybrids
is a much smaller number.
But in 1999, there was a Roper
poll, the second Roper poll,
about extraterrestrial
experiencers.
And it was estimated--
>>NOORY: That's gone up.
>>LAMB: --that there were
eight million Americans--
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>LAMB: --having
extraterrestrial--
>>NOORY: Just here.
>>LAMB: --encounters--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>LAMB: --just in America.
And it's a worldwide phenomenon.
>>NOORY: How many
hybrids do you think
are out there on the planet?
>>LAMB: Oh, I could
only make a guess.
I know of eight.
David Jacobs knows
of other ones.
>>NOORY: It could be millions.
>>LAMB: Well, it
could be millions.
I'm not sure about that at all.
Maybe thousands, probably
a good number of a few.
>>NOORY: Do they
breed with humans?
>>LAMB: Yes, they do.
They breed with humans
and have children.
>>NOORY: So what are
the children like?
Of the Hybrids, what
are the children like?
>>LAMB: Yeah, the hybrids
can breed with other humans.
>>NOORY: It sounds
biblical, doesn't it?
>>LAMB: Right, and then
they can have children
who may or may not, depending
on the genetics they inherit,
have some of these
special abilities or not.
>>NOORY: Or not.
>>LAMB: Again,
depending on what they
happen to inherit genetically.
But yes, they grow up
and they marry and have--
>>NOORY: Do they feel
human, the hybrids?
>>LAMB: They feel human except--
yes, very human-- that they
have these different abilities.
Now, you see, these people,
these hybrids are here
doing a wonderful service.
The ones that I know,
they're doing healing.
They're doing teaching.
They're doing counseling.
>>NOORY: Do they tell
people they're hybrids?
>>LAMB: Sometimes they tell
people they're hybrids.
>>NOORY: What's the
reaction of people?
>>LAMB: Sometimes
they're just considered
a very advanced
spiritual teacher
who's here for helping humans.
>>NOORY: See, I
would think, Barbara,
if somebody-- and I know someone
who claims to be a hybrid.
She's a very gorgeous girl.
They did well with this one.
But she tells people
she's a hybrid
and they walk away from her.
It's almost like--
>>LAMB: Yes.
>>NOORY: Oh, you know--
>>LAMB: A little
too uncomfortable.
>>NOORY: --she's strange.
>>LAMB: The people who
hear this are so often not
ready to hear this.
And that's completely
understandable.
So the hybrids I know don't go
around saying, I'm a hybrid.
But if they are asked,
you seem to be--
>>NOORY: They tell the truth.
>>LAMB: --unusual.
You seem to have
unusual abilities.
Why do you think that is?
They might say, well, I have
some extraterrestrial genetics.
But generally speaking,
they're just offering classes
and doing some coaching and
teaching, counseling, healing
and not making a big
point of being a hybrid.
A couple of them
have written books.
Jacqueline Smith has written
books and Jujuolui Kuita.
One of the special abilities
that some of these hybrids have
is communicating wonderfully
with animals here on Earth.
>>NOORY: I could see that.
>>LAMB: Yeah, so
Jacqueline Smith--
>>NOORY: Telepathy?
>>LAMB: --is very--
yes, telepathy--
very, very cognizant,
very conversant
with animals of all types.
And Jujuolui Kuita, who is
a hybrid living in Arizona,
is very fond of all animals,
communicates with them
and particularly likes
the reptile type of life.
>>NOORY: Like snakes.
>>LAMB: Loves snakes,
even poisonous snakes.
She's entirely
comfortable with them.
And, you see, she has a good
deal of reptilian DNA in her.
Several of these
hybrids have reptilian
aspects, reptilian genetics.
And yet they look like--
>>NOORY: That's fascinating.
>>LAMB: --perfectly attractive,
likable human beings.
And the reptilian
hybrids have been known
to shape shift temporarily--
>>NOORY: Into--
>>LAMB: --into their
reptilian form.
So that's happened with three
of them whom I know about.
One of them, a beautiful
hybrid living in England,
her name is Charmaine, the
way that she got confirmation
that she is a hybrid was
having an encounter with some
of her reptilian
extraterrestrials.
And she has encounters
with other types as well
and genetics from other types.
But in one encounter,
when she was about age 27,
with her reptilian
extraterrestrials,
they helped her to shape shift
into her total, pure reptilian
form.
>>NOORY: And she can do that?
>>LAMB: And she did.
>>NOORY: Goes back
and forth within?
>>LAMB: And, yeah, she can go
back and forth as she pleases.
Mostly she's human.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>LAMB: But when she shape
shifted into her reptilian
form, she was
absolutely delighted.
Now, most of us might be rather
horrified at the thought.
But she was delighted
because she had always
felt some reptilian in her.
And I hasten to say that
even though reptilian
extraterrestrials tend to have
a very negative press here--
>>NOORY: Oh, no
question about it, sure.
>>LAMB: --humans, we hear a lot
of negative things about them.
But I have discovered
in this work
that there are quite a number of
different types of reptilians,
different species of reptilians
within that overall species.
And some of them are very
kind, very friendly, very nice,
good agendas, agendas that we
would appreciate and definitely
approve of.
And she is one of that
type of reptilian.
>>NOORY: Do they go
through a scientific study
where scientists will look
at their DNA and go, whoa,
this is not human?
Does that happen?
>>LAMB: Well, these particular
eight hybrids whom I know
so well have elected not
to have genetic testing--
>>NOORY: Oh, we got
to get that done.
>>LAMB: --even though
understandably almost everybody
wonders, well, have they been--
>>NOORY: We'll know for sure.
>>LAMB: --genetically tested?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>LAMB: Of course.
I mean, that's a normal thing.
>>NOORY: The fact
that they don't do it,
doesn't that make you a suspect?
>>LAMB: No, it really doesn't.
Because I've talked to
them at length about this.
For one thing, they
have been told,
they have heard
from other people
being genetically tested that
the results of the genetic test
automatically get sent
from the testing lab
to a certain department
of the US government.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>LAMB: So what these hybrids
are concerned about is
if the people receiving this
information would say, oh,
these few people here are
very unusual, very strange--
>>NOORY: Right, where
did they come from?
>>LAMB: --I think we
want to investigate this.
I think we might want to--
>>NOORY: Let's dissect them.
>>LAMB: --test them.
Yes, they really
are afraid of that.
>>NOORY: Barbara, one
of my favorite movies,
"The Fifth Element," that
dealt with scientists trying
to reconstruct DNA
from what they might
have found on a crashed craft.
>> Tightly packed with
infinite genetic knowledge,
almost like this
being was engineered.
>> Is there any danger?
>> No, no, no, no, no, no.
We put it through the
cellular hygiene detector.
The cell is, for lack of
a better word, perfect.
>> OK, go ahead.
Mr. Perfect better
be polite otherwise
I turn him into cat food.
>> Activated.
>>NOORY: OK, so
that's Hollywood.
>>LAMB: That's Hollywood.
>>NOORY: But it might
have some reality to it.
>>LAMB: Sometimes Hollywood does
put in some aspects of reality.
It's hard to know--
>>NOORY: I always thought--
>>LAMB: --on the surface of it.
>>NOORY: --the reptilians
were like devil-type.
>>LAMB: I know.
They have such a bad rap.
And maybe some of them are.
Some of them seem to be more
power hungry, more arrogant,
more egocentric.
They have big musculature
and fancy costumes sometimes.
>>NOORY: Yellow eyes.
>>LAMB: Yellow eyes, yes.
But some of them are much
more gentle and friendly,
benevolent, kind,
good-willed, even loving.
And I say that with
conviction because I
myself had an encounter,
awake, in the light of day,
plenty of daylight--
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>LAMB: --with a reptilian
who suddenly showed up
and I spent a few
minutes with him.
And I had a completely
positive feeling about him.
And other people I know
whom I've worked with
have had some
positive experiences.
>>NOORY: Now, when you say
showed up, what do they do?
Do they just walk
through the door?
>>LAMB: Well, in this
case, I don't know
if he walked through the door.
I think, you see, so
many of these beings
are interdimensional.
I think that he
suddenly, poofed,
appeared in the middle of my
living room one afternoon.
>>NOORY: Maybe he knew
you wanted to meet one.
>>LAMB: Yes.
Well, the reason he
came to me, he said,
was because he and
others know that I
do a lot of this regression
therapy work with--
>>NOORY: Smart.
>>LAMB: --experiencers.
And every once in a while,
if I was away on vacation
and not doing this
work for a while,
the thought would
occur to me, hm, I
wonder if this could
really be happening.
I wonder if this
could really be true.
>>NOORY: What do you
think the mission is?
What are they trying to
do here and accomplish?
>>LAMB: Well, in that particular
case with that reptilian,
he said they, because they're
so telepathically tuned
in even from remote distances,
tuned into to us humans.
They knew that every once in
a while I would have thought
about the work I was doing.
And yet when I was doing the
regression work with people,
they knew--
and it was true--
that I was completely with
the person, following along,
and believing what
they were experiencing
in the regression memory of
whatever their experience was.
>>NOORY: It seems
to me, Barbara,
that they're trying to replace
humans with hybrids, all of us.
That's my feeling.
>>LAMB: Yeah, my own feeling
about it, my own perspective
is that these hybrids,
or the extraterrestrials,
are not trying to take over
humanity by creating hybrids.
I know that David Jacobs--
>>NOORY: You promise?
>>LAMB: --does feel that.
>>NOORY: He does.
>>LAMB: I do not feel
that in any way at all.
>>NOORY: Could you be wrong?
>>LAMB: I have no evidence.
>>LAMB: It's possible that
there are different kinds
of hybrid programs going on.
The hybrids I have come to know,
about 15 of them quite well,
they have nothing to do
with taking over the world.
They had everything to do with
being here to assist humanity,
particularly to raise the
consciousness as much as they
can of humanity and to even
help with the process of what
is called ascension.
And ascension means
raising the consciousness
and creating or increasing
the spirituality of humanity
as a general so that we will
be treating each other better--
>>NOORY: Well, I hope so.
>>LAMB: --we will be
treating the earth better.
>>NOORY: We should be doing
that on our own but we're not.
>>LAMB: We should be
doing it on her own
and we're not
doing enough of it.
>>NOORY: Would humans
except hybrid's directly?
Do they mesh well together?
>>LAMB: Yes, humans and
hybrids do mesh well together.
Yes, because people come across
as regular, normal people.
They look like
regular, normal humans.
They are regular, normal
humans except that they
do have quite a bit of the
extraterrestrial genetics--
>>NOORY: Right.
>>LAMB: --of the the types,
by the way, that they do
have encounters with.
So an important point
here is that all
of the hybrids whom I
know do have visits from
and encounters--
>>NOORY: Ongoing.
>>LAMB: --with the
extraterrestrial types
that they have the genetics of.
So many people consider that
when extraterrestrials come,
they have abductions.
That's a very common
word for it, abductions,
being taken away for an
hour or so and returned.
>>NOORY: Do they show emotion?
Do they cry?
>>LAMB: Oh, yes.
Hybrids do have emotion because
they're primarily human.
Yes, they do.
They're very much--
>>NOORY: What kind of jobs--
>>LAMB: --like the rest of us.
>>NOORY: What kind of jobs
do they take in society?
>>LAMB: Well, these
hybrids whom I
know do not have regular day
jobs like so many of us do.
But they do set themselves up
to teach classes, give lectures,
teach workshops, do individual
counseling of people,
generally--
>>NOORY: So trying
to educate us.
>>LAMB: Yeah, trying to educate
us, trying to, as they say,
upgrade the consciousness,
the viewpoint of humanity.
>>NOORY: If an
individual suspects
that something is
different about themselves
and they could be hybrids,
but that's not the first thing
somebody would think
about, obviously,
what do you recommend they do?
Where do they go?
How many Barbara
Lambs are out there?
>>LAMB: Unfortunately, I think
there are not enough people--
>>NOORY: Only one, I think.
>>LAMB: --who are doing
the regression therapy.
Most of the states have
at least one person.
And some of the other
countries have one rare person
who does this type of work.
But if somebody would
like to find somebody
who does his
regression therapy work
for this particular
purpose, they
could go to the website
of the group called
FREE which is actually
officially called the Edgar
Mitchell Foundation for
Research into Extra-terrestrial
Encounters.
A long name.
So the website is
simply experiencer.org.
>>NOORY: Perfect.
>>LAMB: Experiencer.org.
And they have, among the
very extensive website,
done a lot of research
on these topics.
And they also have a list of
psychotherapists, regression
therapists all over
the United States
who do this kind of work.
>>NOORY: Barbara, if this
program of hybridization
continues, where do you
see our planet unfolding?
How does it unfold?
>>LAMB: Well, if the
program continues and there
are more and more hybrids
helping to upgrade society,
upgrade the consciousness, I
think it's a very good plan.
I think that we
might have a fighting
chance of more and more people
expanding their point of view,
becoming more
helpful to humanity,
more helpful to the earth, more
helpful to other human beings.
Hopefully that will
be taking hold.
So there will be some great
improvements among humanity.
>>NOORY: Barbara, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>LAMB: You're very welcome.
I'm delighted.
>>NOORY: So there you have it.
The next time you
meet somebody who
might be a little different,
maybe a little strange,
you could be meeting
a human hybrid.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]